Recipe: Broccoli Stir Fry
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Peel 2 cloves of garlic and mince them.
Combine 1/6 cup water, 1/8 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1/2 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1/8 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cornstarch in a small bowl.
Whisk.
Set aside.
Take 5 in number broccoli florets.
Take 2 cremini mushrooms, and slice them.
Take 1 bell pepper and slice 1/3 of the bell pepper.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Add the broccoli and sliced mushrooms and cook, stirring often, for 4 minutes.
If the pan gets too hot on medium-high, turn the heat down to medium.
Add the bell pepper and continue cooking, stirring often, for 2-3 minutes, until vegetables are crisp-tender.
Whisk the sauce again to recombine the ingredients.
Pour the sauce into the pan and cook, stirring, for 1 minute until the sauce thickens.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Peel-Peel 2 cloves of garlic
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: Mince one garlic finely and one garlic large pieces. made in mince-mince garlic
Missing Step: This step is not feasible to do. made in continue cooking-continue cooking, stirring often, for 2-3 minutes, until vegetables are crisp-tender
Measurement Error: Add 1/4 tsp instead of 1/8 tsp. made in Add-Add 1/8 teaspoon black pepper to the bowl
Measurement Error: Add 1/2 cup instead of 1/6 cup. made in Add-Add 1/6 cup water the bowl
Preparation Error: Spill the contents while pouring water. made in Add-Add 1/6 cup water the bowl
Preparation Error: Spill while whisking the bowl. made in Whisk-Whisk the contents of bowl
Measurement Error: Add 1/4 cup instead of the 1/8 cup. made in Add-Add 1/8 cup soy sauce to the bowl
Other: Take only 4 broccoli florets instead of 5 made in Take-Take 5 in number broccoli florets
Measurement Error: Add 1/2 teaspoon instead of 1/2 table spoon. made in Add-Add 1/2 tablespoon minced ginger to the bowl
Preparation Error: Sauce is spilled while pouring. made in Pour-Pour the sauce into the skillet
Technique Error: Instead of slicing the mushrooms chop the mushrooms. made in slice-slice mushrooms
Measurement Error: Instead of 1/3 using 1/2 bell pepper. made in slice-slice 1/3 of the bell pepper
Missing Step: Not feasible step. made in Heat-Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat
Temperature Error: Changing the heat down to low-high instead of medium. made in cook-cook, stirring often, for 4 minutes. If the pan gets too hot on medium-high, turn the heat down to medium
Other: Need to set a temperature for this. made in cook-cook, stirring often, for 4 minutes. If the pan gets too hot on medium-high, turn the heat down to medium
Measurement Error: Add 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch instead of 1 teaspoon. made in Add-Add 1 teaspoon cornstarch to the bowl
Measurement Error: Add 1 teaspoon instead of 1 tablespoon. made in Add-Add 1 tablespoon honey to the bowl
Timing Error: Stir for less than a minute than 1 minute. made in cook-cook, stirring, for 1 minute until the sauce thickens
