Recipe: Butter Corn Cup
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 2 cups of frozen corn.
Thaw the frozen corn by putting it in a sieve and running it under cold water.
Add the corn into a microwave-safe bowl.
Microwave the corn for 2 minutes.
Add 1 teaspoon of softened butter and 1 teaspoon of pepper powder to the bowl and then stir.
Microwave the corn for 3 more minutes.
Add 1 teaspoon salt to the bowl.
Extract lime juice from 1/3 lime and add it to the bowl.
Mix the contents of the bowl well.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: stir-then stir the bowl
Missing Step: Microwave-Microwave the corn for 3 more minutes
Technique Error: Measure-Measure 2 cups of frozen corn. Spilling the corn while measuring made in Measure-Measure 2 cups of frozen corn
Technique Error: Thaw-Thaw the frozen corn by putting in cup and making hand as lid. Put running cold water on cup. Spillage of corn occurs. made in Thaw-Thaw the frozen corn by putting it in a sieve and running it under cold water
Preparation Error: Add-Add the corn into a microwave-safe small glass.  made in Add-Add the corn into a microwave-safe bowl
Timing Error: Microwave-Microwave the corn. Timer started from 20 minutes and stopped at 16:16. Did for 3:44 minutes. made in Microwave-Microwave the corn for 2 minutes
Technique Error: Microwave-Microwave the corn. Timer started from 20 minutes and stopped at 16:16. Did for 3:44 minutes. While removing from microwave did not use gloves made in Microwave-Microwave the corn for 2 minutes
Technique Error: Add-1 teaspoon of oregano powder to the bowl. Spilling the oregano also happened. made in Add-1 teaspoon of pepper powder to the bowl
Preparation Error: Add-1 teaspoon of oregano powder to the bowl. Spilling the oregano also happened. made in Add-1 teaspoon of pepper powder to the bowl
Preparation Error: Add-Add 1 teaspoon of vegetable oil. made in Add-Add 1 teaspoon of softened butter
Missing Step: Extract-Extract lime juice from 1/3 lime made in Extract-Extract lime juice from 1/3 lime
Preparation Error: Add-Add 1 teaspoon sugar to the bowl made in Add-Add 1 teaspoon salt to the bowl
Order Error: add-add lime juice extract from the bottle to the bowl. Did not take the lemon and directly took bottled product. It happened before adding sugar. made in add-add lime juice to the bowl
Technique Error: Mix-Mix the contents of the bowl without circular motion and just pressing the spoon up and down. made in Mix-Mix the contents of the bowl well
