Recipe: Caprese Bruschetta
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Slice 2 1/2 inch thick rounds from a baguette (slice slanted)
Brush 2 slices of baguette with olive oil on both sides.
Toast both sides of the slices on the pan for 2 to 3 minutes until lightly charred and crispy.
Cut 1/4 cup of cherry tomatoes into halves.
In a bowl, add the cut cherry tomatoes, 1/8 cup shredded mozzarella, 1/16 cup basil, 1/4 tsp salt, and 1/4 tsp pepper.
Combine the contents of the bowl.
Spoon the mixture onto the bread.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Cut-Cut 1/4 cup of cherry tomatoes into halves
Missing Step: Toast-Toast both sides of the slices on the pan for 2 to 3 minutes until lightly charred and crispy and transfer the slices to a plate
Missing Step: add-In a bowl, add the cut cherry tomatoes
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: add-1/16 cup oregano to a plate made in add-1/16 cup basil to a bowl
Technique Error: Slice-Slice 3 1/2 inch thick rounds from a muffin (slice straight) using peeler.  made in Slice-Slice two 1/2 inch thick rounds from a baguette (slice slanted)
Preparation Error: Slice-Slice 3 1/2 inch thick rounds from a muffin (slice straight) using peeler. made in Slice-Slice two 1/2 inch thick rounds from a baguette (slice slanted)
Technique Error: add-1/4 tsp salt to a plate. Spilling happens. made in add-1/4 tsp salt to a bowl
Preparation Error: add-1/8 cup shredded cheddar to a plate. Opening the packet of cheddar in a wrong way. Did not use measuring cup to measure 1/8 cup. Did not close the fridge after taking out cheddar cheese from the fridge. made in add-1/8 cup shredded mozzarella to a bowl
Technique Error: add-1/8 cup shredded cheddar to a plate. Opening the packet of cheddar in a wrong way. Did not use measuring cup to measure 1/8 cup. Did not close the fridge after taking out cheddar cheese from the fridge. made in add-1/8 cup shredded mozzarella to a bowl
Technique Error: add-1/4 tsp pepper to a plate. Unable to open the container and replaced with other pepper powder container. Spilling happens while transferring pepper to plate. made in add-1/4 tsp pepper to a bowl
Technique Error: Combine-Combine the contents of the plate using peeler. Combine action not correct and not mixing all the ingredients on plate. made in Combine-Combine the contents of the bowl
Technique Error: No Brush-Directly apply 3 slices of cut muffin with vegetable oil on both sides without using brush made in Brush-Brush 2 slices of baguette with olive oil on both sides
Preparation Error: No Brush-Directly apply 3 slices of cut muffin with vegetable oil on both sides without using brush made in Brush-Brush 2 slices of baguette with olive oil on both sides
Preparation Error: Spoon-Spoon the mixture from the plate onto the bread using fork. made in Spoon-Spoon the mixture from the bowl onto the bread
