Recipe: Coffee
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 12 ounces of cold water and transfer it to a kettle.
Boil the water.
While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone.
Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug.
Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle.
Place the paper filter in the dripper and spread open to create a cone.
Weigh the coffee beans (8 oz – 12 oz).
Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds.
Transfer the grounds to the filter cone.
Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water(The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius).
If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.
Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds.
Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom(You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step).
Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion.
Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter.
Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper.
Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
Preparation Error: Measure-Measure 12 ounces of milk made in Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Preparation Error: transfer-transfer milk to a microwave safe bowl made in transfer-transfer water to a kettle
Technique Error: Prepare-Prepare the filter insert taking it fully made in Prepare-Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle
Technique Error: Boil-Boil the milk in microwave. (While the milk is boiling, assemble the filter cone) made in Boil-Boil the water. (While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone)
Preparation Error: NULL made in Place-Place the paper filter in the dripper
Technique Error: Null made in spread-spread open filter in dripper to create a cone
Measurement Error: Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans 0.4oz-0.6oz made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz)
Timing Error: Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 40 seconds made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Technique Error: Grind-Grind the coffee beans using stone mortar until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse, about 40 seconds made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Preparation Error: Pour-Pour a small amount of milk into the filter to wet the grounds made in Pour-Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds
Timing Error: Wait-Wait about 1 minute for the coffee to bloom. (You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step.) made in Wait-Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom. (You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step.)
Technique Error: pour-fast pour the rest of the milk over the grounds in a bulk and immediately made in pour-Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion. Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter
Preparation Error: pour-fast pour the rest of the milk over the grounds in a bulk and immediately made in pour-Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion. Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter
Temperature Error: NULL made in Discard-Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds
