Recipe: Coffee
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 12 ounces of cold water and transfer it to a kettle.
Boil the water.
While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone.
Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug.
Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle.
Place the paper filter in the dripper and spread open to create a cone.
Weigh the coffee beans (8 oz – 12 oz).
Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds.
Transfer the grounds to the filter cone.
Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water(The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius).
If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.
Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds.
Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom(You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step).
Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion.
Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter.
Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper.
Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Prepare-Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle
Missing Step: check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
Measurement Error: 8 instead of 12 ounces of water made in Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Technique Error: pour some water out of kettle made in transfer-transfer water to a kettle
Temperature Error: not boil the water made in Boil-Boil the water. (While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone)
Measurement Error: 4 instead of (8oz-12oz) made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (8oz-12 oz)
Preparation Error: roll the paper filter before placing into the dripper made in Place-Place the paper filter in the dripper
Timing Error: 10 instead of 20 seconds made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Preparation Error: forget to open the filter made in spread-spread open filter in dripper to create a cone
Technique Error: splashing some grounds outside made in Transfer-Transfer the grounds to the filter cone
