Recipe: Coffee
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 12 ounces of cold water and transfer it to a kettle.
Boil the water.
While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone.
Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug.
Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle.
Place the paper filter in the dripper and spread open to create a cone.
Weigh the coffee beans (8 oz – 12 oz).
Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds.
Transfer the grounds to the filter cone.
Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water(The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius).
If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.
Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds.
Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom(You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step).
Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion.
Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter.
Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper.
Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Order Error: None
Measurement Error: Weighing more than 0.12 Oz made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz)
Technique Error: Not properly placing the paper filter. made in Place-Place the paper filter in the dripper
Timing Error: Not grinding properly and grind for 10 seconds only. made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Preparation Error: Spill some while transferring. made in Transfer-Transfer the grounds to the filter cone
Measurement Error: Measuring less than 12 ounces. made in Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Preparation Error: Spill some out of the kettle. made in transfer-transfer water to a kettle
Technique Error: Using large amount of water instead of small. made in Pour-Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds
Timing Error: Waiting for less than 30 seconds. made in Wait-Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom. (You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step.)
Technique Error: removing the dripper before the coffee drains completely. made in drain-Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper
Temperature Error: Using less than the desired temperature. made in check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
