Recipe: Coffee
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 12 ounces of cold water and transfer it to a kettle.
Boil the water.
While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone.
Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug.
Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle.
Place the paper filter in the dripper and spread open to create a cone.
Weigh the coffee beans (8 oz – 12 oz).
Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds.
Transfer the grounds to the filter cone.
Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water(The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius).
If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.
Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds.
Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom(You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step).
Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion.
Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter.
Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper.
Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Order Error: None
Technique Error: Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz) directly without using any container. Spilling the coffee beans. made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz)
Measurement Error:  Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.6-0.7 oz) as coffee beans got spilled. made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz)
Preparation Error: Place-Place 3 paper filter in the dripper made in Place-Place the paper filter in the dripper
Preparation Error: Place-Place the dripper on top of a bowl. Used bowl instead of coffee mug. made in Place-Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug
Technique Error: spread-spread open 3 filters in dripper to create a 3 cones without actually folding but just compressing. 3 Filters were just squashed and tried to make ice cream cone structure of filters. No folding was done. made in spread-spread open filter in dripper to create a cone
Timing Error: Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 5 seconds. While transferring from weighing scale to coffee grinder spilling occurs. Also timing is less so coffee beans are not properly grinded and are like pebbles. made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Technique Error: Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 5 seconds. While transferring from weighing scale to coffee grinder spilling occurs. Also timing is less so coffee beans are not properly grinded and are like pebbles. made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Preparation Error: Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water without using measuring jug. Used weighing scale instead. Got incorrect mesaurement of 12 ounces. made in Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Measurement Error: Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water without using measuring jug. Used weighing scale instead. Got incorrect mesaurement of 12 ounces. made in Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Preparation Error: transfer-transfer water to a mixer made in transfer-transfer water to a kettle
Preparation Error: Pour-Pour a water from tap into the filter by using measuring tsp to wet the grounds  made in Pour-Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds
Technique Error: pour-In a single shot pour the complete water over the grounds. Overfilling beyond paper filter occurs made in pour-Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion. Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter
Preparation Error: Boil-Boil the water in pan. Take water without measuring from tap. (While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone) made in Boil-Boil the water. (While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone)
Temperature Error: check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 140-150 degrees Fahrenheit) made in check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
