Recipe: Coffee
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 12 ounces of cold water and transfer it to a kettle.
Boil the water.
While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone.
Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug.
Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle.
Place the paper filter in the dripper and spread open to create a cone.
Weigh the coffee beans (8 oz – 12 oz).
Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds.
Transfer the grounds to the filter cone.
Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water(The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius).
If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.
Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds.
Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom(You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step).
Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion.
Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter.
Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper.
Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Missing Step: pour-Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion. Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter
Measurement Error: coffee beans 1.4 oz made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz)
Preparation Error: coffee beans 1.4 oz made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (0.8oz-0.12 oz)
Technique Error: not cone shape made in spread-spread open filter in dripper to create a cone
Timing Error: 15 secs made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Technique Error: 15 secs made in Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Temperature Error: too hot made in check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
Preparation Error: too hot made in check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
Technique Error: Pour a big amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds made in Pour-Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds
