Recipe: Coffee
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Measure 12 ounces of cold water and transfer it to a kettle.
Boil the water.
While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone.
Place the dripper on top of a coffee mug.
Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle.
Place the paper filter in the dripper and spread open to create a cone.
Weigh the coffee beans (8 oz – 12 oz).
Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds.
Transfer the grounds to the filter cone.
Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water(The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius).
If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.
Pour a small amount of water into the filter to wet the grounds.
Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom(You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step).
Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion.
Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter.
Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper.
Discard the paper filter and coffee grounds.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Place-Place the paper filter in the dripper
Missing Step: Grind-Grind the coffee beans until the coffee grounds are the consistency of coarse sand, about 20 seconds
Measurement Error: 16 instead of 12 ounces made in Measure-Measure 12 ounces of cold water
Technique Error: Splashing some water made in transfer-transfer water to a kettle
Measurement Error: 4oz instead of (8-12oz) made in Weigh-Weigh the coffee beans (8oz-12 oz)
Preparation Error: Forget to boil the water made in Boil-Boil the water. (While the water is boiling, assemble the filter cone)
Missing Step: Missing step made in Prepare-Prepare the filter insert by folding the paper filter in half to create a semi-circle, and in half again to create a quarter-circle
Missing Step: Missing  step made in spread-spread open filter in dripper to create a cone
Temperature Error: The water temperature is wrong made in check-Once the water has boiled, check the temperature of the water. (The water should be between 195-205 degrees Fahrenheit or between 91-96 degrees Celsius. If the water is too hot, let it cool briefly.)
Timing Error: 15 instead of 30 seconds made in Wait-Wait about 30 seconds for the coffee to bloom. (You will see small bubbles or foam on the coffee grounds during this step.)
Technique Error: overfill beyond the top of the paper filter made in pour-Slowly pour the rest of the water over the grounds in a circular motion. Do not overfill beyond the top of the paper filter
Technique Error: remove the dripper in advance made in drain-Let the coffee drain completely into the mug before removing the dripper
