Recipe: Microwave Mug Pizza
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Take a microwavable mug.
Measure 4 tablespoons of flour and add it to the mug.
Measure 1/8 teaspoon of baking powder and add it to the mug.
Measure 1/16 teaspoon of baking soda and add it to the mug.
Measure 1/8 teaspoon of salt and add it to the mug.
Stir the contents in the mug well.
Add in 3 tablespoons of milk and 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the mug.
Mix the contents of the mug thoroughly(There might be some lumps, but that is ok).
Take 1 tablespoon of marinara sauce and spread it around the surface of the batter.
Sprinkle 1 generous tablespoon of mozzarella cheese on top of the sauce.
Sprinkle dried Italian herbs inside the mug.
Microwave for 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises and the toppings are bubbling.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: Take-Take a microwavable mug without cleaning in the sink made in Take-Take a microwavable mug
Measurement Error: add-Measure 1/4 teaspoon of baking powder and add it to the mug made in add-Measure 1/8 teaspoon of baking powder and add it to the mug
Measurement Error: add-Measure 5 tablespoons of flour and add it to the mug made in add-Measure 4 tablespoons of flour and add it to the mug
Measurement Error: add-Measure 1/4 teaspoon of salt and add it to the mug made in add-Measure 1/8 teaspoon of salt and add it to the mug
Technique Error: Add-Add in 3 tablespoons of curd to the mug made in Add-Add in 3 tablespoons of milk to the mug
Technique Error: Take-Take 1 tablespoon of tomato ketchup made in Take-Take 1 tablespoon of marinara sauce
Technique Error: spread-spread tomato ketchup on the edge of batter made in spread-spread marinara sauce around the surface of the batter
Temperature Error: NONE made in Mix-Mix the contents of the mug thoroughly. (There might be some lumps, but that is ok.)
Timing Error: Microwave-Microwave for 2 minutes, or until it rises and the toppings are bubbling made in Microwave-Microwave for 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises and the toppings are bubbling
