Recipe: Microwave Egg Sandwich
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Coat a 6-oz. ramekin cup with cooking spray.
Pour 1 egg into the ramekin cup.
Microwave the ramekin cup uncovered on high for 30 seconds and stir.
Continue to Microwave for 15-30 more seconds or until the egg is almost set.
Top with 1 tablespoon of salsa and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of cheese.
Microwave just until cheese melts, about 10 seconds.
Cut the English muffin into two pieces with a knife.
Line the bottom of the English muffin with lettuce.
Place the egg from the cup over the lettuce and replace the top of the English muffin.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Microwave -Microwave just until cheese melts, about 10 seconds
Missing Step: stir-stir the ramekin cup
Order Error: None
Measurement Error: Take a big cup instead of a 6 Oz ramekin cup. made in Coat -Coat a 6-oz. ramekin cup with cooking spray
Measurement Error: Add 2 eggs instead of 1 egg. made in Pour-Pour 1 egg into the ramekin cup
Measurement Error: Instead of 1 Tbsp add 2 Tbsp of cheese. made in sprinkle -sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cheese on cup
Technique Error: Cutting into two uneven pieces. made in Cut -Cut the English muffin into two pieces with a knife
Timing Error: Microwave for less than 15 seconds. made in Microwave -Continue to Microwave for 15-30 more seconds or until the egg is almost set
Measurement Error: Add 3 Tbsp of salsa instead of 1 Tbsp made in Top -Top cup with 1 tablespoon of salsa
Timing Error: Microwave more than 30 seconds. made in Microwave-Microwave the ramekin cup uncovered on high for 30 seconds
Timing Error: Microwave more than 30 seconds. made in Microwave-Microwave the ramekin cup uncovered on high for 30 seconds
Preparation Error: Use the lettuce without washing. made in Line -Line the bottom piece of the English muffin with lettuce
Preparation Error: Place the egg below the lettuce. made in Place -Place the egg from the cup over the lettuce
Temperature Error: NULL made in replace -replace the top of the English muffin
