Recipe: Microwave Mug Pizza
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Take a microwavable mug.
Measure 4 tablespoons of flour and add it to the mug.
Measure 1/8 teaspoon of baking powder and add it to the mug.
Measure 1/16 teaspoon of baking soda and add it to the mug.
Measure 1/8 teaspoon of salt and add it to the mug.
Stir the contents in the mug well.
Add in 3 tablespoons of milk and 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the mug.
Mix the contents of the mug thoroughly(There might be some lumps, but that is ok).
Take 1 tablespoon of marinara sauce and spread it around the surface of the batter.
Sprinkle 1 generous tablespoon of mozzarella cheese on top of the sauce.
Sprinkle dried Italian herbs inside the mug.
Microwave for 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises and the toppings are bubbling.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: Use a soiled mug made in Take-Take a microwavable mug
Measurement Error:  add-Measure 1 teaspoon of baking soda and add it to the mug instead of 1/16 teaspoon made in add-Measure 1/16 teaspoon of baking soda and add it to the mug
Other: NULL made in add-Measure 1/8 teaspoon of baking powder and add it to the mug
Measurement Error: add only 2 tbsp of flours instead of 4 tbsp of flour. made in add-Measure 4 tablespoons of flour and add it to the mug
Preparation Error: spill while adding and add only 2 tbsp instead of 4tbsp made in add-Measure 4 tablespoons of flour and add it to the mug
Measurement Error: add 1 tsp instead of 1/8 tsp made in add-Measure 1/8 teaspoon of salt and add it to the mug
Technique Error: use hand instead of utensil to stir made in Stir-Stir the contents in the mug well
Technique Error: invert tablespoon and use it made in Add-1 tablespoon of olive oil to the mug
Preparation Error: instead of spreading on top mix it with contents of the mug made in spread-spread marinara sauce around the surface of the batter
Timing Error: Microvawe for 2 mins instead of 1 min 20 secs made in Microwave-Microwave for 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises and the toppings are bubbling
Temperature Error: NULL made in Microwave-Microwave for 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises and the toppings are bubbling
