Recipe: Mug Cake
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Place the paper cupcake liner inside the mug.
Set aside.
Measure and add 2 tbsp flour, 1.5 tbsp sugar, 1/4 tsp baking powder, and a pinch of salt to the mixing bowl.
Whisk to combine.
Measure and add 2 tsp vegetable oil, 2 tbsp water, and 1/4 tsp vanilla extract to the bowl.
Whisk batter until no lumps remain.
Pour batter into prepared mug.
Microwave the mug and batter on high power for 60 seconds.
Check if the cake is done by inserting and toothpick into the center of the cake and then removing it.
If wet batter clings to the toothpick, microwave for an additional 5 seconds.
If the toothpick comes out clean, continue.
Invert the mug to release the cake onto a plate.
Allow to cool until it is no longer hot to the touch, then carefully remove the paper liner.
While the cake is cooling, prepare to pipe the frosting.
Scoop 4 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting into a zip-top bag and seal, removing as much air as possible.
Use scissors to cut one corner from the bag to create a small opening ¼-inch in diameter.
Squeeze the frosting through the opening to apply small dollops of frosting to the plate in a circle around the base of the cake.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Squeeze-Squeeze the frosting through the opening to apply small dollops of frosting to the plate in a circle around the base of the cake
Measurement Error: Add more baking powder. Might give bitter taste to the cupcake made in Measure and add-1/4 tsp baking powder to the bowl
Measurement Error: Add more sugar. Might make the cake very sweet made in Measure and add-1.5 tbsp sugar to the mixing bowl
Preparation Error: Leave lumps  made in Whisk-Whisk to combine mixture of flour, sugar and baking powder in the bowl
Technique Error: Folded paper cupcake liner will not cover the bottom of the cup fully made in Place-Place the paper cupcake liner inside the mug
Technique Error: Do not whisk enough - lumps will lead to bad output made in Whisk-Whisk batter until no lumps remain
Timing Error: Microwave for 90 seconds. Might burn the cupcake made in Microwave-Microwave the mug and batter on high power for 60 seconds. Check if the cake is done by inserting and toothpick into the center of the cake and then removing it. If wet batter clings to the toothpick, microwave for an additional 5 seconds. If the toothpick comes out clean, continue
Technique Error: Break the cupcake while removing the paper linear made in remove-then carefully remove the paper liner
Measurement Error: Take only 1 spoon, will not be enough for the forsting made in Scoop-While the cake is cooling, prepare to pipe the frosting. Scoop 4 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting into a zip-top bag
Preparation Error: Use 2ong ingredients  made in Scoop-While the cake is cooling, prepare to pipe the frosting. Scoop 4 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting into a zip-top bag
Technique Error: Do not remove the air made in seal-seal zip top bag, removing as much air as possible
Temperature Error: NA made in cut-Use scissors to cut one corner from the bag to create a small opening 1/4 inch in diameter
Preparation Error: Make a big cut. This will lead to bigger frosting  made in cut-Use scissors to cut one corner from the bag to create a small opening 1/4 inch in diameter
