Recipe: Mug Cake
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Place the paper cupcake liner inside the mug.
Set aside.
Measure and add 2 tbsp flour, 1.5 tbsp sugar, 1/4 tsp baking powder, and a pinch of salt to the mixing bowl.
Whisk to combine.
Measure and add 2 tsp vegetable oil, 2 tbsp water, and 1/4 tsp vanilla extract to the bowl.
Whisk batter until no lumps remain.
Pour batter into prepared mug.
Microwave the mug and batter on high power for 60 seconds.
Check if the cake is done by inserting and toothpick into the center of the cake and then removing it.
If wet batter clings to the toothpick, microwave for an additional 5 seconds.
If the toothpick comes out clean, continue.
Invert the mug to release the cake onto a plate.
Allow to cool until it is no longer hot to the touch, then carefully remove the paper liner.
While the cake is cooling, prepare to pipe the frosting.
Scoop 4 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting into a zip-top bag and seal, removing as much air as possible.
Use scissors to cut one corner from the bag to create a small opening ¼-inch in diameter.
Squeeze the frosting through the opening to apply small dollops of frosting to the plate in a circle around the base of the cake.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: remove-then carefully remove the paper liner
Missing Step: Allow-Allow to cool until it is no longer hot to the touch
Missing Step: seal-seal zip top bag, removing as much air as possible
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: Used a mug instead of mixing bowl made in Measure and add-1.5 tbsp sugar to the mixing bowl
Preparation Error: Did not clean the measuring cup before scooping flour and adding it to the cup made in Measure and add-Measure and add 2 tbsp flour to the mixing bowl
Technique Error: Spill powder while opening the cup made in Measure and add-1/4 tsp baking powder to the bowl
Technique Error: Dropping salt outside while adding it to the bowl made in Measure and add-a pinch of salt to the mixing bowl
Technique Error: Dropping and adding water while measuring made in Measure and add-2 tbsp water to the bowl
Technique Error: Spilling vanilla extract while measuring and adding it to the mug made in Measure and add-1/4 tsp vanilla extract to the bowl
Technique Error: Dropping the vegetable oil bottle and spilling the oil on the kitchen top made in Measure and add-Measure and add 2 tsp vegetable oil to the bowl
Measurement Error: Adding more than 2 tsp oil to the mug made in Measure and add-Measure and add 2 tsp vegetable oil to the bowl
Measurement Error: Using only 1.5 spoons of frosting instead of 4 spoons made in Scoop-While the cake is cooling, prepare to pipe the frosting. Scoop 4 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting into a zip-top bag
Technique Error: Squeezing on top of the cake instead of a circle around the base of the cake made in Squeeze-Squeeze the frosting through the opening to apply small dollops of frosting to the plate in a circle around the base of the cake
