Recipe: Mug Cake
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Place the paper cupcake liner inside the mug.
Set aside.
Measure and add 2 tbsp flour, 1.5 tbsp sugar, 1/4 tsp baking powder, and a pinch of salt to the mixing bowl.
Whisk to combine.
Measure and add 2 tsp vegetable oil, 2 tbsp water, and 1/4 tsp vanilla extract to the bowl.
Whisk batter until no lumps remain.
Pour batter into prepared mug.
Microwave the mug and batter on high power for 60 seconds.
Check if the cake is done by inserting and toothpick into the center of the cake and then removing it.
If wet batter clings to the toothpick, microwave for an additional 5 seconds.
If the toothpick comes out clean, continue.
Invert the mug to release the cake onto a plate.
Allow to cool until it is no longer hot to the touch, then carefully remove the paper liner.
While the cake is cooling, prepare to pipe the frosting.
Scoop 4 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting into a zip-top bag and seal, removing as much air as possible.
Use scissors to cut one corner from the bag to create a small opening ¼-inch in diameter.
Squeeze the frosting through the opening to apply small dollops of frosting to the plate in a circle around the base of the cake.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Measure and add-Measure and add 2 tsp vegetable oil to the bowl
Missing Step: Whisk-Whisk batter until no lumps remain
Missing Step: Measure and add-1.5 tbsp sugar to the mixing bowl
Order Error: None
Measurement Error: Add a teaspoon made in Measure and add-a pinch of salt to the mixing bowl
Measurement Error: Use tsp rather than tbsp made in Measure and add-Measure and add 2 tbsp flour to the mixing bowl
Technique Error: Fold the paper cupcake before placing it made in Place-Place the paper cupcake liner inside the mug
Measurement Error: Added more water made in Measure and add-2 tbsp water to the bowl
Technique Error: Under mixed made in Whisk-Whisk to combine mixture of flour, sugar and baking powder in the bowl
Temperature Error: Microwave on low made in Microwave-Microwave the mug and batter on high power for 60 seconds. Check if the cake is done by inserting and toothpick into the center of the cake and then removing it. If wet batter clings to the toothpick, microwave for an additional 5 seconds. If the toothpick comes out clean, continue
Timing Error: Microwaved longer made in Microwave-Microwave the mug and batter on high power for 60 seconds. Check if the cake is done by inserting and toothpick into the center of the cake and then removing it. If wet batter clings to the toothpick, microwave for an additional 5 seconds. If the toothpick comes out clean, continue
Measurement Error: Added more made in Measure and add-1/4 tsp vanilla extract to the bowl
Missing Step: Do not remove lining paper made in remove-then carefully remove the paper liner
Technique Error: Make a big hole made in cut-Use scissors to cut one corner from the bag to create a small opening 1/4 inch in diameter
Technique Error: Placed frosting along one quarter made in Squeeze-Squeeze the frosting through the opening to apply small dollops of frosting to the plate in a circle around the base of the cake
