Recipe: Sauted Mushrooms
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1 shallot
Rinse 3 mushrooms under cold water and pat them dry with a paper towel.
Pull out the stems.
Slice the mushrooms.
Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Once the pan is hot, add the mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes, stirring often, until they start to soften and brown.
Add chopped shallot and cook, often stirring, for 1 minute.
Peel 2 garlic cloves and mince them.
Add 2 cloves of minced garlic and 1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar and cook, often stirring, for 1 minute.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Transfer the contents of the pan to a serving dish.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Season-Season pan with salt
Preparation Error: Use cloth instead of paper towel made in pat-pat rinsed mushrooms dry with a paper towel
Technique Error: Chop the mushrooms made in Slice-Slice the mushrooms
Temperature Error: Used lower heat made in Heat-Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat
Preparation Error: Heat pan only, and forget to add oil made in Heat-Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat
Measurement Error: Used less shallot made in Chop-Chop 1 shallot
Preparation Error: Use onion instead of shallot made in Chop-Chop 1 shallot
Order Error: add oil now made in add-Once the pan is hot, add the mushrooms
Timing Error: Cook for one minute made in cook-cook for 3-5 minutes, stirring often, until mushrooms start to soften and brown
Technique Error: Spill made in Add-Add chopped shallot to the pan
Measurement Error: Use 1 garlic clove made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Technique Error: Slice garlic cloves made in mince-mince garlic cloves
Preparation Error: Add 1 clove of sliced garlic due to previous step errors made in Add-Add 2 cloves of minced garlic to the pan
Measurement Error: Add 1/2 tbsp balsamic vinegar made in Add-1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar to the pan
Preparation Error: Add honey instead of balsamic vinegar made in Add-1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar to the pan
