Recipe: Sauted Mushrooms
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1 shallot
Rinse 3 mushrooms under cold water and pat them dry with a paper towel.
Pull out the stems.
Slice the mushrooms.
Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Once the pan is hot, add the mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes, stirring often, until they start to soften and brown.
Add chopped shallot and cook, often stirring, for 1 minute.
Peel 2 garlic cloves and mince them.
Add 2 cloves of minced garlic and 1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar and cook, often stirring, for 1 minute.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Transfer the contents of the pan to a serving dish.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Add-1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar to the pan
Order Error: None
Measurement Error: Instead of 1 shallot using only half shallot. made in Chop-Chop 1 shallot
Temperature Error: Setting it to low-medium heat instead of medium-high heat. made in Heat-Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat
Preparation Error: Not rinsing one mushroom and rinsing only two mushrooms. made in Rinse-Rinse 3 mushrooms under cold water
Technique Error: Apply more pressure while pating rinsed mushrooms. made in pat-pat rinsed mushrooms dry with a paper towel
Preparation Error: Not completely peeling the garlic cloves. made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Preparation Error: Leaving stem to one of the mushroom. made in Pull-Pull out mushroom stems
Technique Error: Instead of slicing, chopping the mushrooms. made in Slice-Slice the mushrooms
Timing Error: Cooking for less than 3 minutes instead of 3-5 minutes and not making the mushrooms to turn brown. made in cook-cook for 3-5 minutes, stirring often, until mushrooms start to soften and brown
Preparation Error: Sprinkling the salt out of the pan. made in Season-Season pan with salt
Timing Error: Cooking for only 30 seconds instead of 1 minute. made in cook-cook the pan, often stirring, for 1 minute
Technique Error: Instead of mincing the garlic cloves only chopping. made in mince-mince garlic cloves
Preparation Error: While adding the minced garlic drop some of them. made in Add-Add 2 cloves of minced garlic to the pan
Timing Error: Instead of 1 minute cooking only for 15 seconds. made in cook-cook the pan, often stirring, for 1 minute
