Recipe: Sauted Mushrooms
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1 shallot
Rinse 3 mushrooms under cold water and pat them dry with a paper towel.
Pull out the stems.
Slice the mushrooms.
Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Once the pan is hot, add the mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes, stirring often, until they start to soften and brown.
Add chopped shallot and cook, often stirring, for 1 minute.
Peel 2 garlic cloves and mince them.
Add 2 cloves of minced garlic and 1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar and cook, often stirring, for 1 minute.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Transfer the contents of the pan to a serving dish.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Add-1/4 tbsp balsamic vinegar to the pan
Measurement Error: Add 2 tbsp oil instead of 1 tbsp made in Heat-Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat
Temperature Error: heat set to low heat instead of medium-high heat made in Heat-Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat
Preparation Error: Use hot water also to rinse  made in Rinse-Rinse 3 mushrooms under cold water
Technique Error: peel improperly made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Other: Use cloth towel to pat instead of paper towel made in pat-immediately pat rinsed mushrooms dry with a paper towel
Technique Error: pull only half stem made in Pull-Pull out mushroom stems
Preparation Error: Use scallion instead of shallot made in Chop-Chop 1 shallot
Preparation Error: chop instead of slice made in Slice-Slice the mushrooms
Technique Error: dont wait for pan to be hot and spill while adding to pan made in add-Once the pan is hot, add the mushrooms
Technique Error:  cook for 4mins instead of 3-5mins and dont wait till mushrooms are soft and brown made in cook-cook for 3-5 minutes, stirring often, until mushrooms start to soften and brown
Timing Error: NULL made in cook-cook for 3-5 minutes, stirring often, until mushrooms start to soften and brown
Preparation Error: spill while adding scallion to the pan made in Add-Add chopped shallot to the pan
Order Error: this step is executed after adding mince garlic to the pan  made in Add-Add chopped shallot to the pan
