Recipe: Scrambled Eggs
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1/4 medium onion.
Chop 1/4 tomato.
Chop 1 green chili.
Peel 2 garlic cloves.
Mince peeled garlic cloves.
Chop 1 tbsp cilantro.
Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat, and add chopped onions and 1/3 tsp salt.
Sauté the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent.
Add garlic, and chili to the pan.
Cook for 1 minute, mixing everything.
Add tomatoes and 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan.
Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften.
Whisk one egg with 1 tbsp milk and 1/3 tsp salt.
Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan.
Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked.
Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Add-Add garlic to the pan
Missing Step: Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
Preparation Error: Slice instead of chop made in Chop-Chop 1/4 medium onion
Temperature Error: low-medium instead of medium made in Heat-Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat
Measurement Error: 1/2 instead of 1/8 tsp made in Add-Add 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan
Preparation Error: No chop made in Chop-Chop 1 tsp cilantro
Preparation Error: sugar instead of salt made in add-add 1/3 tsp salt to the pan
Preparation Error: Add salt to the pan made in add-add 1/3 tsp salt to the bowl
Technique Error: Splash some tomatoes outside made in Add-Add tomatoes to the pan
Measurement Error: 1 instead of 2 garlic cloves made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Preparation Error: Wash the bowl before use made in Crack-Crack one egg in the bowl
Preparation Error: Move the onion to the bowl then move to the pan made in add-add chopped onions to the pan
Preparation Error: Chop instead of mince made in Mince-Mince peeled garlic cloves
Timing Error: Just cook onion for a short time made in Saute-Saute the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent
Measurement Error: 2 instead of 1 tbsp made in add-add  1 tbsp milk to the bowl
Technique Error: quickly instead of slowly made in pour-Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan
Timing Error: 1.5 minutes instead of 3 minutes made in mixing-Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked
