Recipe: Scrambled Eggs
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1/4 medium onion.
Chop 1/4 tomato.
Chop 1 green chili.
Peel 2 garlic cloves.
Mince peeled garlic cloves.
Chop 1 tbsp cilantro.
Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat, and add chopped onions and 1/3 tsp salt.
Sauté the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent.
Add garlic, and chili to the pan.
Cook for 1 minute, mixing everything.
Add tomatoes and 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan.
Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften.
Whisk one egg with 1 tbsp milk and 1/3 tsp salt.
Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan.
Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked.
Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: add-add 1/3 tsp salt to the bowl
Missing Step: Add-Add tomatoes to the pan
Missing Step: Cook-Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften
Order Error: None
Measurement Error: 3 tbsp oil made in Heat-Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat
Temperature Error: small heat made in Heat-Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat
Preparation Error: 3 garlic clove made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Preparation Error: only small tomato made in Chop-Chop 1/4 tomato
Technique Error: slice made in Chop-Chop 1/4 tomato
Measurement Error: 1/4 tsp made in add-add 1/3 tsp salt to the pan
Preparation Error: two tsp cilantro made in Chop-Chop 1 tsp cilantro
Measurement Error: 2 tsp made in Chop-Chop 1 tsp cilantro
Technique Error: slice made in Mince-Mince peeled garlic cloves
Preparation Error: brown sugur made in Add-Add 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan
Preparation Error: Missed made in Add-Add 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan
Measurement Error: 1/2 green chilli made in Chop-Chop 1 green chilli
Preparation Error: 1/2 onion made in Chop-Chop 1/4 medium onion
Measurement Error: 1/2 onion made in Chop-Chop 1/4 medium onion
Timing Error: 2 mins made in Cook-Cook for 1 minute, mixing everything
Temperature Error: lower-medium heat made in Saute-Saute the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent
Technique Error: Quickly pour the whisked eggs into the pan made in pour-Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan
Timing Error: more than 3 mins made in mixing-Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked
Technique Error: fully cooked made in mixing-Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked
Technique Error: Sprinkle made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
