Recipe: Scrambled Eggs
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1/4 medium onion.
Chop 1/4 tomato.
Chop 1 green chili.
Peel 2 garlic cloves.
Mince peeled garlic cloves.
Chop 1 tbsp cilantro.
Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat, and add chopped onions and 1/3 tsp salt.
Sauté the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent.
Add garlic, and chili to the pan.
Cook for 1 minute, mixing everything.
Add tomatoes and 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan.
Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften.
Whisk one egg with 1 tbsp milk and 1/3 tsp salt.
Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan.
Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked.
Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Mince-Mince peeled garlic cloves
Missing Step: add-add  1 tbsp milk to the bowl
Technique Error: Half peel garlic made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Technique Error: Crack the egg with shells in the bowl made in Crack-Crack one egg in the bowl
Technique Error: Mince onion instead of chopping it made in Chop-Chop 1/4 medium onion
Technique Error: Throw onions outside the pan while adding them made in add-add chopped onions to the pan
Measurement Error: Chop 1/2 tomato instead of 1/4 tomato made in Chop-Chop 1/4 tomato
Measurement Error: Adding 1/2 tsp salt  made in add-add 1/3 tsp salt to the pan
Temperature Error: Saute onions in high heat made in Saute-Saute the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent
Timing Error: Cook for 3 min instead of 1 min made in Cook-Cook for 1 minute, mixing everything
Preparation Error: Using spoilt cilantro instead of good ones made in Chop-Chop 1 tsp cilantro
Technique Error: Spilling while whisking the egg mixture in the bowl made in Whisk-Whisk the egg mixture in the bowl
Missing Step: Tomatoes already softened so missed this step made in Cook-Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften
Technique Error: Transfer completely at once made in pour-Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan
Technique Error: Mixing the dish instead of garnishing it made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
