Recipe: Scrambled Eggs
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Chop 1/4 medium onion.
Chop 1/4 tomato.
Chop 1 green chili.
Peel 2 garlic cloves.
Mince peeled garlic cloves.
Chop 1 tbsp cilantro.
Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat, and add chopped onions and 1/3 tsp salt.
Sauté the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent.
Add garlic, and chili to the pan.
Cook for 1 minute, mixing everything.
Add tomatoes and 1/8 tsp of turmeric to the pan.
Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften.
Whisk one egg with 1 tbsp milk and 1/3 tsp salt.
Slowly pour the whisked eggs into the pan.
Keep mixing with a spatula for 3 minutes or until the eggs are almost cooked.
Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: add-add  1 tbsp milk to the bowl
Order Error: None
Technique Error: Throw egg into the bowl while cracking it made in Crack-Crack one egg in the bowl
Technique Error: Chop-Chop 1 green chilli improperly made in Chop-Chop 1 green chilli
Measurement Error: Chop-Chop 1 tsp cilantro made in Chop-Chop 1 tsp cilantro
Technique Error: Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves improperly made in Peel-Peel 2 garlic cloves
Measurement Error: Chop-Chop 1/2 tomato made in Chop-Chop 1/4 tomato
Technique Error: Cut-Cut peeled garlic cloves instead of mincing it made in Mince-Mince peeled garlic cloves
Technique Error: Drop while adding oil to the pan made in Heat-Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat
Temperature Error: Heat-Heat oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on high heat made in Heat-Heat 2 tbsp oil in a heavy-bottomed or nonstick pan on medium heat
Other: Saute-Saute the mixture made in Saute-Saute the onions on medium heat until they are soft and translucent
Temperature Error: Cook-Cook until something is burnt made in Cook-Cook covered for 1 minute or until the tomatoes soften
Preparation Error: NONE made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
Measurement Error: NONE made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
Timing Error: NONE made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
Technique Error: NONE made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
Temperature Error: NONE made in Garnish-Garnish with 1 tbsp chopped cilantro and serve
