Recipe: Tomato Chutney
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Peel 4 large garlic cloves.
mince the garlic.
Take 1 tomato.
Chop them up roughly and puree them without any water in a blender/mixer.
Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat.
Add 1/4 tsp mustard and 1/2 tsp cumin seeds.
When the seeds begin to sizzle, add minced garlic.
Lower the heat.
Saute the garlic for 2-3 minutes.
Add 2 tbsp red chili powder and mix well.
Add tomato puree and 1/2 tsp salt.
Mix well.
Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick.
Take the pan off the heat.
Transfer it to a serving bowl.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Mix-Mix well tomato puree with contents in the pan
Missing Step: simmer-Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick
Measurement Error: NONE made in Take-Take 1 tomato
Technique Error: Peel-Peel 4 large garlic cloves. Peel not done correctly. Did not press the cloves. Did not remove all the peels completely. made in Peel-Peel 4 large garlic cloves
Technique Error: mince-mince the garlic incorrectly. Just pressing the clove from top to down with knife. Spilling the cloves in the process. made in mince-mince the garlic
Technique Error: Slice-Slice tomato roughly made in Chop-Chop tomato roughly (anysize chunks are fine)
Technique Error: Heat-Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat. Spilling happened while putting oil in the pan. made in Heat-Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat
Preparation Error: Add-Add 1/4 tsp red chilli flakes to the pan made in Add-Add 1/4 tsp mustard to the pan
Timing Error: puree-puree tomatoes without any water in a blender/mixer. Puree not formed properly. Should be done for more time. made in puree-puree tomatoes without any water in a blender/mixer
Timing Error: add-When mustard and cumin seeds are burnt, add minced garlic made in add-When mustard and cumin seeds begin to sizzle, add minced garlic
Temperature Error: Turn off the heat. Because of smoke and pungent odor. made in Lower-Lower the heat
Timing Error: Saute-Saute the garlic for 1-2 minutes made in Saute-Saute the garlic for 2-3 minutes
Order Error: mix-mix well contents of the pan. Done after putting salt.  made in mix-mix well contents of the pan
