Recipe: Tomato Chutney
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Peel 4 large garlic cloves.
mince the garlic.
Take 1 tomato.
Chop them up roughly and puree them without any water in a blender/mixer.
Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat.
Add 1/4 tsp mustard and 1/2 tsp cumin seeds.
When the seeds begin to sizzle, add minced garlic.
Lower the heat.
Saute the garlic for 2-3 minutes.
Add 2 tbsp red chili powder and mix well.
Add tomato puree and 1/2 tsp salt.
Mix well.
Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick.
Take the pan off the heat.
Transfer it to a serving bowl.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Saute-Saute the garlic for 2-3 minutes
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: Peel garlic partially made in Peel-Peel 4 large garlic cloves
Measurement Error: use 1/2 tbsp instead of 1 tbsp made in Heat-Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat
Preparation Error: spilled some out  made in Add-Add 1/4 tsp mustard to the pan
Technique Error: slice the garlic instead of mince made in mince-mince the garlic
Measurement Error: Take 2 tomatoes instead of 1 made in Take-Take 1 tomato
Preparation Error: donot wash the tomatoes made in Take-Take 1 tomato
Temperature Error: Turn off the heat made in Lower-Lower the heat
Technique Error: crush tomaotes instead of chop made in Chop-Chop tomato roughly (anysize chunks are fine)
Technique Error: add 1 cup water in addition to tomatoes made in puree-puree tomatoes without any water in a blender/mixer
Preparation Error: spill some water while adding to blender made in puree-puree tomatoes without any water in a blender/mixer
Measurement Error: add 1/2 cup salt instead of 1/2 tsp made in Add-1/2 tsp salt to the pan
Preparation Error: spill some out while adding to the pan made in Add-Add tomato puree to the pan
Preparation Error: spill some out while mixing made in Mix-Mix well tomato puree with contents in the pan
Timing Error: cook for only 2 mins instead of cooking till mixture is thick made in simmer-Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick
