Recipe: Tomato Chutney
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Peel 4 large garlic cloves.
mince the garlic.
Take 1 tomato.
Chop them up roughly and puree them without any water in a blender/mixer.
Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat.
Add 1/4 tsp mustard and 1/2 tsp cumin seeds.
When the seeds begin to sizzle, add minced garlic.
Lower the heat.
Saute the garlic for 2-3 minutes.
Add 2 tbsp red chili powder and mix well.
Add tomato puree and 1/2 tsp salt.
Mix well.
Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick.
Take the pan off the heat.
Transfer it to a serving bowl.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Missing Step: Peel-Peel 4 large garlic cloves
Missing Step: mince-mince the garlic
Missing Step: Saute-Saute the garlic for 2-3 minutes
Missing Step: add-When mustard and cumin seeds begin to sizzle, add minced garlic
Measurement Error: Heat 5 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat made in Heat-Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat
Temperature Error: Changed to medium heat made in Heat-Heat 3 tbsp oil in a pan over medium heat
Temperature Error: Increase heat from medium to high made in Lower-Lower the heat
Preparation Error: did not wash the tomato before taking for cooking made in Take-Take 1 tomato
Technique Error: slice instead of chopping the tomatoes made in Chop-Chop tomato roughly (anysize chunks are fine)
Technique Error: making puree of tomatoes with water in blender/mixer made in puree-puree tomatoes without any water in a blender/mixer
Measurement Error: Add-1 tsp salt to the pan  made in Add-1/2 tsp salt to the pan
Timing Error: simmer-Allow the mixture to simmer over high heat for 2 minutes  made in simmer-Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick
Temperature Error: simmer-Allow the mixture to simmer over high heat for 2 minutes  made in simmer-Allow the mixture to simmer over low heat for 5 minutes or until the mixture becomes thick
