Recipe: Tomato Mozzarella Salad
-----------------------------------------------------
Description: 
Rinse a tomato and gently dry it with a tea towel.
Slice one tomato into about ½ inch thick slices.
Place the thick slices of tomatoes on a platter, ensuring they only make a single layer.
Season the tomato slices with salt.
Sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top of the tomato throughout the platter.
Garnish with italian seasoning.
Season with ¼ teaspoon black pepper.
Add a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon, over the entire platter.

-----------------------------------------------------
Errors made:
Order Error: None
Preparation Error: NOT Rinse-Do not Rinse 2 cherry tomato made in Rinse-Rinse a tomato
Technique Error: NOT Rinse-Do not Rinse 2 cherry tomato made in Rinse-Rinse a tomato
Technique Error: wet it with a tea towel made in dry-gently dry it with a tea towel
Measurement Error: Slice-Slice one tomato into about 1 inch thick slices made in Slice-Slice one tomato into about 1/2 inch thick slices
Technique Error: Place-Place the thick slices of tomatoes on a platter, making a double layer of tomatoes made in Place-Place the thick slices of tomatoes on a platter, ensuring they only make a single layer
Preparation Error: Season-Season the tomato slices with sugar made in Season-Season the tomato slices with salt
Measurement Error: Season-Season platter with 1/2 teaspoon black pepper made in Season-Season platter with 1/4 teaspoon black pepper
Technique Error: Sprinkle-Sprinkle cheddar cheese on boundary of the plater. made in Sprinkle-Sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top of the tomato throughout the platter
Preparation Error: Sprinkle-Sprinkle cheddar cheese on boundary of the plater. made in Sprinkle-Sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top of the tomato throughout the platter
Timing Error: NULL made in Garnish-Garnish platter with italian seasoning
Temperature Error: NULL made in Garnish-Garnish platter with italian seasoning
Measurement Error: Add-Add a drizzle of extra-virgin vegetable oil, about 2 teaspoon, over the entire platter made in Add-Add a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon, over the entire platter
Preparation Error: Add-Add a drizzle of extra-virgin vegetable oil, about 2 teaspoon, over the entire platter made in Add-Add a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon, over the entire platter
